update callout for slack vs webhooks (#2058)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-appsec-platform/webhooks.md

Webhooks are a generic method for Semgrep AppSec Platform to post JSON-formatted findings after each scan to your URL endpoint.

:::tip For Slack integrations

> - To integrate with Slack, use the [Semgrep Slack integration](/semgrep-appsec-platform/slack-notifications). The webhook set up described in this guide does not apply to Slack integrations.

Author: I thought of writing "does not work for Slack integrations" but was worried it was too strong a phrase.

Reviewer: It's accurate, though! It literally does not work when you try to set it up. I leave this to your discretion.

> - To integrate with Slack, use the [Semgrep Slack integration](/semgrep-appsec-platform/slack-notifications). The webhook set up described in this guide does not apply to Slack integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To integrate with Slack, use the [Semgrep Slack integration](/semgrep-appsec-platform/slack-notifications). The webhook setup described in this guide does not apply to Slack integrations.
```

I thought we preferred "Semgrep Slack app" for the app?

Author: ![Snag_1160111](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f54d3cce-ae10-4a49-a8d6-62b06642a087)
Ya, thanks for the reminder!
